# Version 1 of AMPLE Operation Codes
The first version of the AMPLE VM is designed to 
allow basic operations within the limits of the
AMPLE VM. This version of operation codes does not
allow for the tagging of places in the code or the
implementation of shared objects/dynamically linked
libraries. As a result expandability of the AMPLE VM
is limited. Although it is important to put some emphasis
on the fact that the first version of this VM does 
allow for the upgration of it's VM operation codes.

## How is the AMPLE V1 OpCodes formated.
Bytes 1 - 4 | Bytes 5 - 8 | Bytes 9 - 16 | Bytes 17 - 24 | Bytes 25 - 32|
:----------:|:-----------:|:------------:|:-------------:|:------------:|
   OpCode   |     Mode    |  Argument 1  |   Argument 2  |  Argument 3  |

---

### 0x00000001 (HALT)
The HALT operation will halt the current
execution of the AMPLE VM. The HALT operation
supports four different modes of operation.
#### 0x00000000 (HALT_MIN)
This function will Halt the AMPLE VM for the 
least amount of time possible.
#### 0x00000001 (HALT_MS)
This function will Halt the AMPLE VM for
exactly the amount of Milliseconds passed
as the first argument.
#### 0x00000002 (HALT_REGISTER)
This function will Halt the AMPLE VM for
exactly the amount of Milliseconds found 
in the register passed as the first argument.
#### 0x00000003 (HALT_MEMORY)
This function will Halt the AMPLE VM for
exactly the amount of Milliseconds found 
in the memory passed as the first argument.

---

### 0x00000002 (JMP)
The JMP operation will move the execution 
index to the given position. The JMP operation
supports three different modes of operation.
#### 0x00000000 (HALT_NUM)
This function will move the execution index
of the AMPLE VM to the position passed as
the first argument
#### 0x00000001 (JMP_REGISTER)
This function will move the execution index
of the AMPLE VM to the position found in
the register passed as the first argument.
#### 0x00000002 (JMP_MEMORY)
This function will move the execution index
of the AMPLE VM to the position found in
the memory passed as the first argument.

---

### 0x00000003 (MOV)
The MOV operation will move a value from a
position A to an position B. The MOV operation
supports 96 different operations.
